Increased time precision using uint (#1675)
ray-project/kuberay: apiserver/JobSubmission.md

> Reffer to [readme](README.md) for setting up KubRay operator and API server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [readme](README.md) for setting up KubeRay operator and API server.
```
Thanks for the followup! I think the doc comments in your prior PR were not applied or overwritten by a rebase, for example this line. It would be great if you could make a followup PR for those too at some point.
